jsc8 audit changes for Bulk Update Rest Ql methods (#249)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/collections/documents/tutorials/bulk-update-restql.md

        await executeRestql("updateData", {
            updateKeys,
            updateKeyValue
        });

        console.log("Data updated \n");

        const dataAfterUpdate = await executeRestql("getData");
        console.log(dataAfterUpdate.result);
        console.log("\n");

>         /* ------------------------ Saving a Restql Query ----------------------- */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        /* ------------------------ Saving a RestQL Query ----------------------- */
```

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure we aren't supposed to use RestQL anymore, but I see that it's in the name. Can we replace it in the section title with what the query is doing?

Author: I am not sure about that.... I thought whenever we called queries via REST APIs we called it RestQl. In case RestQL term is not supposed to be used here then I guess we can change the title to Bulk Update with Query Worker??

Author: Anyways I have removed the RestQl word from javascript code logs and comments and just kept it as Saving a query, Executing a query, Updating a query , etc.

        const updateRestQlQuery = (queryName, query, parameters) =>
            connection.req(`/_fabric/${fabricName}/_api/restql/${queryName}`, {
                body: {
                    query: {
                        value: query,
                        parameter: parameters
                    }
                },
                method: "PUT"
            });

>         console.log("------- Updating the insertData RestQl  ------");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        console.log("------- Updating the insertData query  ------");
```

        await updateRestQlQuery("insertData", updatedInsertData, {});
        console.log("Query updated successfully");

        await sleep(2000);
        await executeRestql("insertData", {
            barryKey
        });

>         console.log("New Data Inserted as per the updated insertData RestQl\n");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        console.log("New data inserted with the updated insertData query\n");
```

        const resultAfterUpdate = await executeRestql("getData");
        console.log(resultAfterUpdate.result);
        console.log("\n");

        const deleteRestQl = (queryName) =>
        connection.req(`/_fabric/${fabricName}/_api/restql/${queryName}`, {
            method: "DELETE"
        });

>         console.log("------- Deleting the RestQls insertData, getData, updateData  ------");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        console.log("------- Deleting the insertData, getData, and updateData queries ------");
```

        await deleteRestQl("insertData");
        await deleteRestQl("getData");
        await deleteRestQl("updateData");
        console.log("RestQls deleted successfully");

    } catch (e) {

>         console.log("Error caught while executing RestQl Demo: ");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        console.log("Error caught while executing RestQL demo: ");
```

const updateKeyValue = {
  bruceKey: { key: bruceKey, zipcode: "22222" },
  jamesKey: { key: jamesKey, zipcode: "55555" }
};

// Queries
const insertData = `FOR doc in @InputDocs \
INSERT { "firstname":doc.firstname, "lastname":doc.lastname, "email":doc.email, "zipcode":doc.zipcode, "_key": doc._key } IN ${collectionName}`;

const getData = `FOR doc IN ${collectionName} RETURN doc`;

const updateData = `FOR i IN ${collectionName} \
FILTER i._key IN @updateKeys \
UPDATE i with { zipcode: (i._key == @updateKeyValue[i._key].key) ? @updateKeyValue[i._key].zipcode : i.zipcode } IN ${collectionName}`;

const updatedInsertData = `INSERT 
{ "firstname": "Barry", "lastname": "Allen", "email": "barry.allen@macrometa.io", "zipcode": "44444", "_key": @barryKey } IN ${collectionName}`;

function errorResponseHandler (error) {
  const message = {
    "StatusCode ": error.statusCode,
    "ErrorMessage ": error.message,
    "ErrorNum ": error.errorNum
  };
  console.error(message);
}

const sleep = (milliseconds) => {
  return new Promise(resolve => setTimeout(resolve, milliseconds))
}

async function restqldemo () {
  try {
    /* Authenticate client instance with username and password */

>     console.log("------- AUTHENTICATE CLIENT INSTANCE WITH USERNAME AND PASSWORD  ------");

Reviewer: Why is this log and the next all caps when previous ones are in sentence case?

Author: I will change that caps ones to sentence case

    await client.login(email, password);

>     /* Create Collection */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /* Create collection */
```

    console.log("------- CREATE GEO-REPLICATED COLLECTION  ------");

    try {
      const collection = await client.createCollection(collectionName);
      console.log("Collection " + collectionName + " created.\n", collection);
    } catch (e) {
      if (e.statusCode === 409) {
        console.log("Collection already exists, skipping creation");
      } else {
        console.log("Create collection failed");
        throw e;
      }
    }

>     /* Save RestQl Queries */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /* Save queries */
```

    console.log("Saved Queries Successfully\n");

    /* Execute RestQl Queries */

>     console.log("------- Executing the queries  ------");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    console.log("------- Running the queries  ------");
```

    });

    console.log("Data updated \n");

    res = await client.executeRestql("getData");

    console.log("Output of get data query after update:");
    console.log(res.result);
    console.log("\n");

    await client.updateRestql("insertData", updatedInsertData, {});
    await sleep(2000);

    await client.executeRestql("insertData", {
      barryKey
    });

    console.log("New Data Inserted \n");

    res = await client.executeRestql("getData");

    console.log("Output of get data query after insertion of new data:");
    console.log(res.result);
    console.log("\n");

    res = await client.getRestqls();

    console.log("List of all available query workers: ");
    console.log(res.result);

    console.log("Deleting saved queries - insertData, getData, updateData");
    await client.deleteRestql("insertData");
    await client.deleteRestql("getData");
    await client.deleteRestql("updateData");

    res = await client.getRestqls();

    console.log("List of all available query workers after deletion:");
    console.log(res.result);
  } catch (e) {
    console.log("Error caught while executing RestQl Demo: ");
    errorResponseHandler(e);
  }
}

> restqldemo().then(console.log("Starting execution"));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
restqldemo().then(console.log("Running queries"));
```

    /* Execute RestQl Queries */
    console.log("------- EXECUTING THE QUERIES  ------");

    await sleep(2000);
    await client.executeRestql("insertData", {
      InputDocs: inputDocs
    });

    console.log("Data Inserted \n");

    let res = await client.executeRestql("getData");

    console.log("Output of get data query:");
    console.log(res.result);
    console.log("\n");

    await client.executeRestql("updateData", {
      updateKeys,
      updateKeyValue
    });

    console.log("Data updated \n");

    res = await client.executeRestql("getData");

    console.log("Output of get data query after update:");
    console.log(res.result);
    console.log("\n");

    await client.updateRestql("insertData", updatedInsertData, {});
    await sleep(2000);

    await client.executeRestql("insertData", {
      barryKey
    });

    console.log("New Data Inserted \n");

    res = await client.executeRestql("getData");

    console.log("Output of get data query after insertion of new data:");
    console.log(res.result);
    console.log("\n");

    res = await client.getRestqls();

>     console.log("List of all available Saved Queries: ");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    console.log("List of all available saved queries: ");
```

Reviewer: Do you mean query workers?

Author: yes basically Saved queries is same as query workers.. I will change it to query Worker.. you can let me know if any other term you would like me to use

    console.log(res.result);

    console.log("Deleting saved queries - insertData, getData, updateData");
    await client.deleteRestql("insertData");
    await client.deleteRestql("getData");
    await client.deleteRestql("updateData");

    res = await client.getRestqls();

>     console.log("List of all available Saved Queries after deletion:");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    console.log("List of all available saved queries after deletion:");
```

Reviewer: Again, do you mean query workers?

Author: yes basically Saved queries is same as query workers.. I will change it to query Worker.. you can let me know if any other term you would like me to use

    console.log(res.result);
  } catch (e) {

>     console.log("Error caught while executing RestQl Demo: ");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    console.log("Error caught while executing RestQL demo: ");
```

    errorResponseHandler(e);
  }
}

> restqldemo().then(console.log("Starting Execution"));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
restqldemo().then(console.log("Starting execution"));
```
